(Also have separate dive in Pi already set up for sound with drive in playground on/off during commecial and a PI zero W for Westchester clock so sound wont interfere with other sounds)
 
X-10 Display startup with Raspberry Pi

Have a display startup presentation:

Using Alexa “turn on Xmas Display” (smartplug) ... Alexa says “startup will begin in ?? seconds” = time for X-10 Raspberry Pi to boot up. Display lights light up except for Vegas.

Upon boot up, Rasp X-10 starts Gondola

10 seconds

X-10 Skating pond w/ 20 sec of Peanuts Xmas time playing

20 sec

X-10 Skiers

10 sec

X-10 Sledders

10 sec

X-10 Birds with 10 sec of birds chirping.

10 sec

X-10 Cross Country Skiers

10 sec

X-10 Vegas display

20 sec

X-10 Carnival

10 sec

X-10 Train power

Shutdown reverse above with 3 second interval (ensures X-10 signal gets thru) and after trains at shutdown positions.

Ultimately want to say to Alexa “shutdown Xmas display” which will relay to Raspberry Pi X-10 to start shutdown sequence but an X-10 clicker (macro shutdown) will be backup. Alexa will shut off display smartplug after a specified time which shuts off remaining display lights still on and any Rasp Pi’s not needed.

Audience push buttons (GPIO’s) Rasp Pi:

Dogs singing Jingle Bells ---- 20 sec

Birds chirping – 10 sec (which is part of startup routine)

Village river fog – 3-5 minutes of fog turned on with an X-10

Wigwag signal turn on and play sound approx 10 sec (part of Vegas train)

 

Have drive in sound for 20 sec but has it’s own Pi.

Village station has a Xmas carol button but completely separate using a Xmas card guts. Probably should change to using Rasp Pi.

 

Rasp Pi Sound (Picture relays turning on/off to direct sound to correct various speakers in the display)

Skaters

Dogs

Birds

Train Stations

Wig Wag

(Future Carnival)

Stereo background music downloaded when display comes on.

 

Other Pi interaction:

Want to say Alexa

 turn off/on trains (shutdown procedure needed to take place first)

turn on/off sound (maybe turn off background music separately).  (Maybe a relay controls common speaker wire)

Raise sound volume up and down (have to contol Pi's output level somehow)
